docs: adapt Documentation with new docarray at center (#5941)
jina-ai/jina: docs/concepts/orchestration/flow.md

## Why use a Flow?

Once you've learned about  Documents, DocList and Executor,, you can split a big task into small independent modules and services.

> But you need to chain them together to bring real value and build and serve an application. Flows enable you to do exactly this.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
But you need to chain them together to create, build ,and serve an application. Flows enable you to do exactly this.
```

> - Flows connect microservices (Executors) to build a service with proper client/server style interface over HTTP, gRPC, or WebSockets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Flows connect microservices (Executors) to build a service with proper client/server style interfaces over HTTP, gRPC, or WebSockets.
```
